Use pg14 as an example for instructions instead of pg13. Add reference to deb and rpm packages (#463)
timescale/timescaledb-toolkit: Readme.md

## 🖥 Try It Out ##

> The extension comes pre-installed on all [Timescale Cloud](https://www.timescale.com/products#timescale-cloud) instances and also on our full-featured [`timescale/timescaledb-ha` docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb-ha). If DEB and RPM packages are a better fit for your situation, refer to the [documentation](https://docs.timescale.com/timescaledb/latest/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/install-toolkit/#install-toolkit-on-self-hosted-timescaledb) for install and update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension comes pre-installed on all [Timescale Cloud](https://www.timescale.com/products#timescale-cloud) instances and also on our full-featured [`timescale/timescaledb-ha` docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb-ha). 

If DEB and RPM packages are a better fit for your situation, refer to the [Install Toolkit on self-hosted TimescaleDB](https://docs.timescale.com/timescaledb/latest/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/install-toolkit/#install-toolkit-on-self-hosted-timescaledb) how-to guide for further instructions on installing the extension via your package manager.
```
